# Mammoth-FruitMachine
Incentive block chain game, the aim is to use stellar as the underlying chain, XMM assets issued based on stellar as an incentive, motivate users and game developers to participate in the construction and maintenance of the game community and the stellar community. Developers and users can get XMM rewards through making and participating in games. The acquisition of XMM will directly transform users into stellar users, thereby expanding the number and influence of users in stellar communities.
Mammoth Fruit Machine is the first game application of the project. It combines stellar block chaining technology and reinterprets the classic gaming fruit machine game in the 70.80 century with a fresh perspective. The game screen uses a high definition 2D image, bright color, colorful fruit modelling full of cartoon. The vivid picture, the large and magnificent color of the color of the impact of the user's vision. The incentive mechanism is designed to allow users to get XMM rewards at the same time.
The monetary system in the game is anchored directly to the stellar - based XMM assets. Users can use the stellar account to carry out XMM transfers, transactions, and other assets such as Lumens to realize the value of the game.
After the online operation of the Mammoth Fruit Machine, the project will open the universal API used by the Mammoth Fruit Machine, attracting more game developers and players to join our project, and jointly build the game community and stellar community.
